Knowledge about Databases of our applications like we have AMSPRD, LBERTYDB, IMBDB and BAWDB to handle flight data. 
My roles and responsibilities include below:-
MONITORING:-
1. Monitoring database performance, ensuring data quality and security, solving problems and collaborating with other teams to resolve tickets/issues.
2. Monitoring blocking sessions, inactive sessions after that resolved issues also check table space usage checkup.
3. Updating existing tables in DB with updated flight information also cleaning archives, mount point, data quality, consistency and availability.
BACKUPS:-
1. Monitoring the backups daily and scheduling jobs for backups in crontab. In case of backup fails taking backups manually.
2. Based on our requirement taking backups and restore the databases and recover the databases.
3. Based on our requirement data pump activities doing by using of EXPDP and IMPDP.
DATAGUARD:-
1. Monitoring the MRP process status, Archives shippings and applying status checkup from primary to standby.
2. Checking the gaps between primary to standby in sync are not data blocks transferring.
3. Incase of huge gaps resolve the gaps by using of service name.
RAC:-
1. Monitoring processors, database running status, services running status and all listeners working status checking in RAC.
2. Updating, maintaining, and querying databases, tables, views, indexes, and other objects related to airport flight data. 
3. Checking Nodes availability, cluster status checking, disk groups space utilization and based on requirement add the disks into disk groups.



Inhouse Applications:-
Monitoring all the inhouse applications.In Airlines application if flights are in closed status, we need to update it to open in SQL server.
For Staff page, resolving issues like application not working, user unable to login, flight data not coming in Staff Page etc.
AMS application monitiring and Solving issues related to Staff page, ASO, Airlines, HR compliance etc. 



a. ORACLE and SQL developer to involve in developing for future projects.
b. Sql developer certification to maintain and update skill for future Projects.

2. Monitoring database performance, ensuring data quality and security, solving problems and collaborating with other teams to resolve tickets/issues. 
3. Optimized database performance and security by applying best practices, such as tuning, indexing, backup, recovery etc. 
4. Updating existing tables in DB with updated flight information and resolved database issues like blocking issues, cleaning archives, mount point, data quality, consistency and availability.
has context menu










